Create configuration file (#17)
nickytonline/copilot-extension-template: docs/CONFIGURATION.md

# Configure your GitHub Copilot Extension

Follow the steps below to configure the Copilot Extension template for your own personal use.

## Expose Your Extension

To test your Copilot extension, you need to make it publicly accessible:

> 1. If using Visual Studio Code (VS Code), enable [port forwarding](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/port-forwarding). Note that the port is private by default - a good thing - but for this use case you need to set it to public.
> 
> ![Port forwarding tab in the bottom dock of VS Code](./images/port_forwarding.png)
> 
> Alternatively, use tools like [cloudflared](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/create-local-tunnel/) or [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to expose a public URL.
> 
> In the provided code, the server is set up to run on port 3000:
> 
> ```
> const port = 3000;
> console.log(`Server is running on port ${port}`);
> 
> serve({
>   fetch: app.fetch,
>   port,
> });
> ```

Reviewer: This is how I wrote the blog post, but I'm going to update it to this.

```suggestion
1. If using Visual Studio Code (VS Code), enable [port forwarding](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/port-forwarding). Note that the port is private by default - a good thing - but for this use case you need to set it to public.

![Port forwarding tab in the bottom dock of VS Code](./images/port_forwarding.png)

Alternatively, use tools like [cloudflared](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/create-local-tunnel/) or [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) to expose a public URL.

The application is set up to run on port 3000, so we'll forward port 3000.
```
